All right guys.
Pro categorization and that's the word I'm looking for.
So what we're doing here is we are taking in two values into a function an array of strings.
And these are our professionals and then we have their preferences.
Now each one of these will be the preferences that Jack has.
This one will be the preference.
The next one will be the preferences that Leone has and this will be the preferences that Maria House
has or double nested array as our second parameter.
What we want to do is we want to create a triple nested array where we have an array in here an array
within an array within an array that has the values of hey this is the type of job.
And hey these are the people that have that preference.
That's what our objective is here.
And our example.
So this is our example output here and the hints I have is has own property push to lower case and sort.
So to give you an idea this is a 15 minute challenge from the company thumbtack.
And and I did it about 17 and a half 1741 I think to be exact.
And I actually got the solution in about 10 minutes but I didn't have it sorted properly and that took
me about another five to get it working.
So
yeah maybe 12 minutes because then I got 17.
So it took me to do me a little bit but I got done in about seven and a half or so.
But yeah let's go ahead and dive into it.
All right so this isn't the best code I ever wrote because I was trying to make that 15 minutes but
I think we have a good starting place so what we're going to do here is we're going to essentially create
a key value pair that is going to the values going to be an array of names.
The keys are going to be that profession the handyman the computer repair.
And so we're going to start.
So we're going to create what I called uprose preferences which is going to be equal to an empty object
which will eventually sign the keys for then we're going to have to have a double nested loop the double
nested is to get all the values because we have a double nested array right for here.
So let's start with four.
Let equals zero.
All high is less than the prose length
plus plus.
And then and here we'll go and do another for loop or so let J equals zero.
While J is less then our preferences on the current row that we're going through which is length J plus
plus.
All right.
And now what we're going to do is we're going to check to see if that property exists.
If it does we're just going to push the new pro to that that value if it doesn't we are going to go
ahead and push that value if it exists if it all lines on there.
And we're going to add this to the Reval.
So we're going to check to say hey if Perros preferences DOT has own property if it contains the preferences
of I have J and our preferences are here.
So I will say this one or two doing this whole thing.
And then this this would be right here XY and then this value in here is J.
So if we have the computer Parakey what we want to do if we already have that is we wanna say preferences
excluding pro preferences
and then brackets and then we're going to throw this into here.
Push.
What are you pushing.
Well we're pushing the name of the person who has that preference Prozac.
Else what we want to do is it means that key doesn't exist on an object quite yet.
So is a pros preferences
preferences.
I have J same value that we're checking is equal to an array because we want to add an array plus the
value of the pro.
So now what we have is a link.
Let's go ahead and just you just see it in here so you can see where we're at right.
So this is a little bit of a lot larger one.
So you can see here we have this key and then we have the value of the names that go with it.
But it's not quite in the order that we won.
So what we can do is we will create this Konst here.
And I'm sorry for the bad names but I just called this process press and in a real application I would
refactor all this but I wanted to show my solution that I got in about 17 minutes.
So if there's an empty array.
And so what we're going to do is we're going to iterate through and we're going to create a array of
the value of the key and of the value.
So you'll see now that we're going to do conc prep and Proz pref for instance that object or iterate
through each one.
The key is in orienting progress flies in the progress and we're going to push what are we pushing well
or push into an array and an in our array here we're going have a prop and then I say my prop we have
that property and then and here.
But we're going to have is we're going to unwrap all the values in pros preferences for that problem.
So the names are right now at this point.
If we were to
cancel the law are C-L works.
You know by our council a lot of progress.
You'll see that we have names.
We have the we have an array here of the key which is the title.
And then we have the name.
So the last thing that we really have to do is now sort it out.
So eventually what we want to do is we want to go ahead and return pro refs
so we're in a story right here and we're just going to reset the value of pro press which is equal to
pro press sort and we want to sort it by the computer repair handyman by the Task Name.
So we're have two values in our press one and pref two and we're sorting strings.
We first want to bring the values down to be lower case or upper case you basically just want to treat
them the same.
And so we need to make that apparent So we're inside one of the lower equals.
Press 1 and what are we doing.
Well it's we need to get to the value in our array which is the 0 0 of value.
So the very first that our entire array plus nested Plus the next one.
So that will give us our string of our current one and then we're going do the same thing for prefet
to lower.
And we want to zero to lower cases as well.
And then we're going to think for profit to lower range that to change that to a to go ahead and put
a lower case on it.
Excellent.
And now what we want to do is want to compare them to sort them so as they return pref one.
Excuse me if if if one lower is less or excuse me greater than Kraft to large I guess we could do it
either way.
So I did it.
So press to lower.
We're going to return one if pref one lower
is less than impressed to lower.
We're going to return negative 1.
And if it's neither of those we're just going to go ahead and turn zero because there's no need to.
And we're done.
We have solved this quite a bit going on here.
So we have a triple nested array string as our output it is sorted.
We kept keys and values and pushed.
So quite a bit.
And I think this is one of those excellent candidates where in a future video perhaps in my how to code
like a pro series I'll go back and refactor and show how we can make this much more intuitive.
Reading through it as well as how we might refactor some code in terms of cleaning up some of this because
I have some ideas.
So that was my solution is a little bit hard won it in about 17 minutes or so so I thought this was
a decent enough but I imagine there's ways that we can make this a little bit cleaner.